schema: statementType should not have codelist options (#382)
openownership/data-standard: docs/schema/changelog.rst

- Clarified ``SecuritiesListing.stockExchangeJurisdiction`` is from the ISO 3166-1 or ISO 3166-2 list (previously it was unclear which ISO list was meant and used "digit" when it meant "letter").
- Annotations changes from a ``anyOf`` to a ``oneOf``. This is technically correct and also is needed to improve validation messages.
- Descriptions of ``statementType``.

> - Do not reference codelists in ``statementType`` - this and the way we use this field to select which subschema to use for validation cause issues. This should have no change for anyone using the compiled schema but may affect anyone using the files in ``schema/`` directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Do not reference codelists in ``statementType`` - fixes issues caused by the way we use this field to select which subschema to use for validation. This should have no change for anyone using the compiled schema but may affect anyone using the files in ``schema/`` directly.
```
